# Example

To help solidify the use case for `spu`, consider the following example: Billy runs an auto repair franchise. He has representatives in each state that manage all of the shops in that state. As a result of the differences between the needs of each state, they've developed slightly different requirements/specialties. Some work on domestic light and heavy-duty pick-up trucks, some work on sporty foreign convertibles, and some work on classic cars, but they all need access to generic and vehicle-specific maintenance procedures, recalls, and manuals.

## Problem

Over the years, he's had lots of issues with version control. Manufacturers would disseminate recalls, manual changes, etc., and his publications team would manually distribute them to his state reps, who would then distribute them to the shops. This process required a lot of work, each rep and shop had different ways of storing the documents, and it was difficult to track who had what version of publications. To fix this, he got everyone to start using one, central network storage location. This made sure that there was one place with the most up-to-date copy of each reference. His publications team was now pulling publications from manufacturer websites and uploading them to their shared network storage where they became immediately accessible by everybody. This, for the most part, solved his problems.

Every now and then, though, he still ran into issues. Two recurring ones caught his attention:

1. When new publications were uploaded, the reps and shops didn't always immediately recognize it, and they lost access to the old version, making it difficult to teach the techs working at the shops the difference between the two.
2. Network connectivity was absolutely required. This meant that if a shop or rep lost connectivity, they couldn't access any of their documents. In addition, his fleet of mobile techs who serviced the ranches and backwoods constantly found their maintenance tablets *still* were not current. That, and they couldn't possibly fit every single manual on their small tablets. After all, they had to cut costs somewhere, and gigantic SSDs weren't cheap back when they bought them.

As a result, he went searching for a solution, and stumbled upon `spu`.

## Roles

`spu` is used a little differently by each member of his franchise. A summary of each is below.

### Publications Team

The publications team's job hasn't changed significantly. They are still responsible for downloading and uploading manufacturer manuals; however, instead of uploading them to the shared network storage, they upload them to the repository. This allows both version tracking and a history of manuals.

For publications/procedures generated by Billy's team, using a repository allows the team to track changes down to the letter, allowing both their internal review team and their state reps/shop managers to focus their efforts on the parts of the manual that have actually changed.

They maintain the following repositories:

* `trucks`: maintenance manuals for light and medium duty trucks
* `foreign`: maintenance manuals for imported cars
* `sports`: maintenance manuals for sports cars
* `common`: procedures common to all vehicles, like tire rotations, checking tire wear, and general cleaning

They also maintain the primary `baseline` repository, containing the following:

#### `baseline/manuals.txt`

```
baseline git@billysgit.com:main/baseline.git
trucks git@billysgit.com:main/trucks.git
foreign git@billysgit.com:main/foreign.git
sports git@billysgit.com:main/sports.git
common git@billysgit.com:main/common.git
```

#### `baseline/versions.txt`

```
baseline 20250301
trucks 20250201
foreign 20250201
sports 20250101
common 20250301
```

### Reps

The state reps are monitoring the main `baseline` repository and see changes immediately. They skim the manuals to understand the differences in any changed publications, update their custom baseline repositories, and move on.

#### Example Rep

The Maine rep deals with shops that work on trucks and foreign cars. As a result, they maintain their own baseline repository, `me_baseline`. They also maintains a baseline for mobile truck techs, `me_truck_baseline`, that allows their stores to easily prep "go" tablets.

##### `me_baseline/manuals.txt`

```
baseline git@billysgit.com:main/me_baseline.git
trucks git@billysgit.com:main/trucks.git
foreign git@billysgit.com:main/foreign.git
common git@billysgit.com:main/common.git
```

##### `me_baseline/versions.txt`

```
baseline 20250301
trucks 20250201
foreign 20250201
common 20250301
```

##### `me_truck_baseline/manuals.txt`

```
baseline git@billysgit.com:main/me_truck_baseline.git
trucks git@billysgit.com:main/trucks.git
common git@billysgit.com:main/common.git
```

##### `me_truck_baseline/versions.txt`

```
baseline 20250301
trucks 20250201
common 20250301
```

### Shops

As a result of all this work, the shop manager's job is easy: simply initialize `spu` with the baseline repository provided by the state rep and run an update every morning. This will ensure that the most recent manuals are available

### Mobile Techs

Like the shop manager, the mobile tech's job is also easy: just run a `spu` update before heading out on the job, and they are guaranteed to have the most up-to-date manuals available.
